Most monsters only come out at night. During the day you're safe... probably.
Break blocks, pick up resources. Use the crafting grid to make helpful items. Now you're crafting!
You have endless lives, but your items drop to the ground when you die. Hurry back to pick them up!
It's a good idea to build a place where you can safely spend the night.
Use the right tool for the job! Chopping wood with an axe is much faster than using your hands.
Even in Minecraft you'll get hungry, so try to find something to eat before that happens.
Digging straight down or straight up might not be a great idea.
Monsters spawn in the dark. Craft a torch to brighten up any space.
Beds are great! Craft one to quickly pass the night and set your respawn point.
Be careful when you swim. Stay under water for too long and you'll run out of air.
Survival mode has 4 different difficulty levels - Peaceful, Easy, Normal, and Hard. Or play Creative mode and get endless resources!
Iron golems will fight for you!
Feed a bone to a wolf to tame it. You can then make it sit or follow you.
Wearing a pumpkin on your head will keep Endermen from attacking you.
Harvest leather from cows, and use it to make armor and books.
You can fill an empty bucket with water, lava, milk, powdered snow... and even some mobs.
Feeding an animal will keep it from despawning. Build a pen to keep your animals safe.
Get to your destination faster with a minecart and some rails!
Building a portal will allow you to travel to another dimension called the Nether.
Bonemeal (crafted from a skeleton bone) can be used as a fertilizer and can make things grow instantly!
Obsidian is created when water hits a lava source block.
If the source block for water or lava is removed, it will stop the flow completely.
Blocks that can be used as a light source will melt snow and ice.
Take caution when building structures made of wool out in the open, as lightning from thunderstorms can set wool on fire.
A single bucket of lava can be used in a furnace to smelt 100 blocks.
The instrument played by a note block depends on the material beneath it.
Attacking a wolf will cause any wolves nearby to turn hostile and attack you.
Wolves and iron golems won't attack creepers.
Chickens lay an egg every 5 to 10 minutes.
Obsidian can be mined with a diamond pickaxe.
Creepers are the easiest obtainable source of gunpowder.
Tamed wolves show their health with the position of their tail. Feed them meat to heal them.
Different colored dyes can be made from a variety of materials, cook cactus in a furnace to get green dye!
Pigs that are struck by lightning become zombified piglins.
Endermen hate bath time!
Sometimes iron golems give flowers to the villager children!
Ocelots show creepers who's boss!
Use seagrass to attract and breed sea turtles.
Protect baby turtles from hostile mobs!
Baby turtles will drop scutes when they grow - these can be crafted into turtle shells.
Brew some water breathing potions for underwater exploration!
Dolphins can lead you to shipwrecks and underwater ruins, feed them cod and follow their trail!
Use shears to carve a pumpkin.
There are 3587 types of tropical fish!
Sea pickles can be smelted into lime green dye.
Use hay bales to breed Llamas!
Compasses always point to the world spawn - craft one to find your way!
Trade with villagers to obtain food, tools, and even explorer maps!
Did you know you can hold a map in your off-hand?
Leads can be used on boats.
Sneak to walk safely on magma blocks.
You can gather cobwebs using shears.
Tridents are dropped by the Drowned, and can be held or thrown.
You can smelt 20 items in a furnace by using a block of dried kelp as fuel.
Taming a skeleton horse doesn't require a saddle.
Phantoms are dangerous mobs that appear during the night. Make sure to sleep regularly!
Zombies turn into drowned if they sink underwater.
Sprint in water to swim!
Be nice to animals!
Don't kill dolphins, you monster!
Be nice to animals!
When digging straight up, place a torch at your feet to break any sand or gravel that could potentially fall down on you.
Shear a Beehive or nest to get Honeycomb, use a Bottle to get honey.
Place a campfire under a beehive or nest to harvest honey.
Emerald ores are the rarest ores in Minecraft! They can only be found in mountains and meadows.
Need diamonds? They get more common as you go deeper.
Frogs eat small and blocky mobs.
The Allay loves to collect items! If you give it a certain item it will try to collect more of it.
Frogs pick a variant based on the temperature of the biome the tadpole grow up in.
You can collect tadpoles in buckets.
Ancient cities can be found under mountain ranges.
Use a water bottle on a dirt block to get mud!
When wandering in the deep dark, silence is key.
Some animals will follow you if you have wheat in your hand.
Before you mine diamonds, redstone, or gold, make sure you're using an iron or diamond pickaxe or it won't work.
Placing two chests side by side will make one large chest.
Can't find any coal for your torches? Try putting some logs in a furnace.
Infinite wonders, endless possibilities.
Plant some saplings and they'll grow into trees.
Use a hoe to prepare areas of ground for planting.
Zombified piglins won't attack you - unless you make them angry.
Hit those fireballs back at the Ghast!
Cobblestone is resistant to Ghast fireballs, making it useful for guarding portals.
A Spider Jockey is the rare appearance of a spider being ridden by a skeleton!
Traveling one block in the Nether is equal to traveling eight blocks in the Overworld.
Use phantom membranes to repair your elytra.
Elytra can be used to glide, find them in End city ships!
Monsters that are killed by skeletons arrows have a chance of dropping music discs.
Using firework rockets boosts elytra speed in mid air. Just... make sure they don't explode, otherwise it'll hurt BADLY!
Riptide enchantment will propel you through the air in the rain.
The Beacon is a powerful item that can only be crafted with a Nether star from the Wither!
Nether stars can't be destroyed by explosions.
You can barter with piglins.
Respawning in the Nether requires a charged respawn anchor.
You can charge a respawn anchor with glowstone.
You can breed hoglins with crimson fungus, but be careful.
Gold is most common in the Nether and in the badlands biome.
Our music is by C418, Lena Raine, and Kumi Tanioka.
There will be an update to this game eventually!
Creepers were born from a coding bug.
The first version of Minecraft was created in just 6 days!
The Enderman language is actually English in reverse.
The original name for Minecraft was Cave Game.
Test out some new features by turning on Experimental Gameplay in the settings menu!
Texture packs change the way that blocks, items, and even the menus look in game. Try them out!
Do people actually read these?
Diorite, you either love it or hate it.
The world of Minecraft is endlessly surprising. You'll find lots of different animals, plants, and even §f§k§a§b§r §f§k§a§b§r
You're playing in a world with Add-Ons! This will add new features to your Minecraft world.Don't stop with just one! You can load multiple Add-Ons onto a single world at once.
Advanced Tip: A Resource Pack can change the textures of different blocks and entities.
Advanced Tip: A Behavior Pack can change how a different items, entities, or blocks work.
Advanced Tip: An Add-On includes both a Behavior Pack and a Resource Pack. Make sure both packs are activated to ensure the Add-On works!
Add-Ons add new blocks, items, or mobs to your worlds.
Worlds and Add-ons are complex! While some work great together, you might get funky results with others.
More Add-Ons mean more fun, but the game might take longer to load.
Take a screenshot using the Game menu.
A Realm is always online, so you and your friends can play here whenever you want.
Keep up to date with what's going on in your Realm by checking the Story Feed in Realms Stories.
Share your great moments with the other players on this Realm by adding a story to the Story Feed.
Check the Timeline in Realms Stories to find out when others are playing.
Access Realms Stories from the game menu while playing on the Realm.
Get to know your Realm's community on the Members tab in Realms Stories.
Use Realms Stories to get social, keep up with your friends' progress, and organize playtime.
During online play you might see chat messages or other user generated content that might not be suitable for all ages.
When you're on the beta, you can only play with other friends who are also on the beta!
Remember, you can't play on Realms and most servers when you’re on the beta.
Whatever you buy in the beta is real and will still be there if you leave the beta.
Don’t forget to create backups of your worlds before loading them in the beta.
Please log all bugs you find at bugs.mojang.com
Want to chat with us about the beta? Join the Minecraft Discord at discord.gg/Minecraft
Do you have a great idea for a new feature? Tell us on the beta forum of the feedback site at feedback.minecraft.net
Find a bug? Please tell us about it at bugs.mojang.com
If your friends can't join your world, it may be because they aren't also on the beta.
Remember to back up your worlds often & before you open them in the beta.
Thank you for participating in the beta!
Remember to back up your worlds often & before you open them in the beta.
The beta program is currently only available on Windows 10, Xbox One, and Android.
Remember, beta builds are not the final product. You might find crashes, glitches, and other weird stuff.
We love your feedback! Tell us what you think at feedback.minecraft.net
Did you know you can talk to our developers on discord.gg/Minecraft?
Don’t worry about crashing because crashes on the beta mean less crashes later!
Thank you for playing Minecraft Preview!
When you are playing Minecraft Preview, you can only play with other friends who are also playing Minecraft Preview and are on the same type of device.
Whatever you buy in Minecraft Preview will be available in Minecraft as well!
Do you have a great idea for a new feature? Tell us our feedback site at feedback.minecraft.net
Did you know you can talk to our developers on discord.gg/Minecraft?
ou can hold down Shift to take a close up picture using the Camera.
Unlike Signs, you can edit Slates, Posters, and Boards over and over again.
Use Ctrl+B to turn on text-to-speech capabilities for in-game chat.
You can export your Minecraft world to share it with others.
To have your peers connect to your world, pause your game and share your IP address.
Remember that to use slash commands, you need to enable cheats in your world.
Done with your creation? Have others tour your world in Adventure Mode to protect your work.
To use code builder, press C on your keyboard or touch the Agent icon at the top of your screen!
Use the Library to find new game worlds to build in.
Looking for a specific biome? Try the Library.
NPC stands for Non-Player Character.
In Survival Mode, players must find their own resources.
In Creative Mode, players can freely choose to build from any of the blocks in Minecraft.
Your code building robot helper is called the Agent.
Redstone can be used in Minecraft to create circuits and simple machines.
You can copy-and-paste from a text editor to a slate, poster, or board.
You can toggle Keyboard and Mouse Hints on or off in the Settings menu under Controls.
You can toggle Auto Jump on or off in the Settings menu under Controls.
While in Creative Mode, quickly press jump twice to fly.
Choose a Default Game Mode when creating world to specify the type of gameplay you want.
Use the command "/setworldspawn" to have new players begin playing where you are standing.
Choose a default player permission when creating your world to specify the permissions you want your classmates to have when they join.
Press I on your keyboard or touch the Immersive Reader icon to read or translate in-game text.
To add or change an NPC in your world, first make yourself a world builder with "/wb".
There's a brand new build challenge every month! Find them all in the Library under Monthly Build Challenges.
Find related lessons by clicking on tags in the Library.
Game moving slowly? Try turning down the render distance in Settings.
Want to use Code Builder? Make sure cheats are toggled on.
Press F5 to change player perspective.
Use "/spawnpoint" to change your spawn point. It's just like you slept in a bed!